README.md, before:




# Hey there! 👋 I'm Sundaram

- 💼 Intrested in Full Stack , Backend,  AI (Agents, Rag, Fine Tuning, Small Language Models) technologies.
- 🎓 Always learning new technologies and expanding my knowledge in **Software Engineering**.
- 📈 Experienced in building robust and scalable applications **0 -> 1**.
- 🔭 You can find some of my recent projects [here](https://sundaram2021.vercel.app).
- 📝 Reasearch on Fuzzy Logic [here](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10486077)



## ⚙️ Tech Stack
- **Languages:** Golang, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python
- **Backend:** Gin, Express.js, gRPC, RESTful APIs, FastAPI
- **Backend:** Gin,Node.js, Express.js, gRPC, RESTful APIs
- **Cloud:** Kubernetes, Docker, DigitalOcean, Civo Cloud
- **CI/CD:** GitHub Actions
- **Version Control:** Git, GitHub

## 🤖 Agents
- **Exa Deep Research Agent** [REPO](https://github.com/sundaram2021/exa-research-agent)
- **An Agent which Asks Questions and Fetch Details according to user response** [REPO](https://github.com/sundaram2021/exa-research-agent)

## 🧠Rag System [LINK](https://github.com/sundaram2021/rag-system)
- **Upload PDFs** → **Ask questions** → **Get streaming answers with source citations**  
- **Fast** • **Cheap** • **Private embeddings**  
-  **Node.js** • **Express** • **Socket.IO** • **Xenova Transformers** • **Groq API**

## 🤖 MCP Servers [LINK](https://github.com/sundaram2021/mcp-servers)
- **Docker MCP**: Manage Docker containers and images from MCP clients (list, start/stop, logs).
- **Memory MCP**: Store and recall project-scoped notes, chat sessions and snippets via MCP.
- **Project Bootstrap MCP**: Scaffold new projects (Next.js, Vite, Go) with ready-to-run structure with all the default Installation(Tailwind Preconfigured in the react projects).
- **Prompt Enhancer MCP**: Expand short prompts into detailed, context-aware prompts (coding, debugging, writing)
  
## 🚀 Top Projects

| Project | Description | Tech Stack | Links |
|---------|-------------|------------|-------|
| **Open Agent Builder** | Visual workflow builder for AI agents with drag-and-drop web scraping pipelines and real-time execution | TypeScript, Next.js, React, Tailwind CSS | [GitHub](https://github.com/sundaram2021/open-agent-builder) • [Demo](https://www.loom.com/embed/5f7eaf19e07d499bb5cca4570e9586d6) |
| **Static Blog Site Generator** | Blog Site Generator with built-in GitHub Actions and hosting capabilities | TypeScript, Next.js, React, Tailwind CSS, Drizzle ORM | [GitHub](https://github.com/sundaram2021/github-blog-generator) • [Live](https://github-blog-generator-psi.vercel.app/) |
| **n8n for GitHub** | A workflow automation tool for GitHub with visual node-based interface | TypeScript, React, Node.js, Express, Socket.io, Supabase | [GitHub](https://github.com/sundaram2021/n8nforgithub) • [Live](https://n8nforgithub.vercel.app/) |
| **Smurf** | CLI application to simplify and automate commands for Terraform, Docker, Helm, and other DevOps tasks | Go, Docker, Terraform, Helm, Kubernetes | [GitHub](https://github.com/clouddrove/smurf) • [Live](https://smurf.clouddrove.com) |
| **AWS Cost Optimization Calculator** | Tool for calculating and optimizing AWS infrastructure costs | Node.js , Express.js | [Live](https://calculator.clouddrove.com) |
| **Distributed Cache** | Production-ready distributed cache with consistent hashing, multiple eviction policies, compression, and replication | Go, gRPC, Prometheus | [GitHub](https://github.com/sundaram2021/distributed-cache) |

## 💭 Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

---



### ⭐ Feel free to explore my repositories and don't forget to star if you find something interesting!

Commit message:

Add description for multi-agent system

README.md, after:




# Hey there! 👋 I'm Sundaram

- 💼 Intrested in Full Stack , Backend,  AI (Agents, Rag, Fine Tuning, Small Language Models) technologies.
- 🎓 Always learning new technologies and expanding my knowledge in **Software Engineering**.
- 📈 Experienced in building robust and scalable applications **0 -> 1**.
- 🔭 You can find some of my recent projects [here](https://sundaram2021.vercel.app).
- 📝 Reasearch on Fuzzy Logic [here](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10486077)



## ⚙️ Tech Stack
- **Languages:** Golang, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python
- **Backend:** Gin, Express.js, gRPC, RESTful APIs, FastAPI
- **Backend:** Gin,Node.js, Express.js, gRPC, RESTful APIs
- **Cloud:** Kubernetes, Docker, DigitalOcean, Civo Cloud
- **CI/CD:** GitHub Actions
- **Version Control:** Git, GitHub

## 🤖 Agents
- **Exa Deep Research Agent** [REPO](https://github.com/sundaram2021/exa-research-agent)
- **An Agent which Asks Questions and Fetch Details according to user response** [REPO](https://github.com/sundaram2021/exa-research-agent)
- **Multi-agent system with 3 specialized agents ,Coordinator pattern (Orchestrating Agent directs the flow) and Sequential pattern (clarify → research → design phases)** [REPO](https://github.com/sundaram2021/ai-architect)

## 🧠Rag System [LINK](https://github.com/sundaram2021/rag-system)
- **Upload PDFs** → **Ask questions** → **Get streaming answers with source citations**  
- **Fast** • **Cheap** • **Private embeddings**  
-  **Node.js** • **Express** • **Socket.IO** • **Xenova Transformers** • **Groq API**

## 🤖 MCP Servers [LINK](https://github.com/sundaram2021/mcp-servers)
- **Docker MCP**: Manage Docker containers and images from MCP clients (list, start/stop, logs).
- **Memory MCP**: Store and recall project-scoped notes, chat sessions and snippets via MCP.
- **Project Bootstrap MCP**: Scaffold new projects (Next.js, Vite, Go) with ready-to-run structure with all the default Installation(Tailwind Preconfigured in the react projects).
- **Prompt Enhancer MCP**: Expand short prompts into detailed, context-aware prompts (coding, debugging, writing)
  
## 🚀 Top Projects

| Project | Description | Tech Stack | Links |
|---------|-------------|------------|-------|
| **Open Agent Builder** | Visual workflow builder for AI agents with drag-and-drop web scraping pipelines and real-time execution | TypeScript, Next.js, React, Tailwind CSS | [GitHub](https://github.com/sundaram2021/open-agent-builder) • [Demo](https://www.loom.com/embed/5f7eaf19e07d499bb5cca4570e9586d6) |
| **Static Blog Site Generator** | Blog Site Generator with built-in GitHub Actions and hosting capabilities | TypeScript, Next.js, React, Tailwind CSS, Drizzle ORM | [GitHub](https://github.com/sundaram2021/github-blog-generator) • [Live](https://github-blog-generator-psi.vercel.app/) |
| **n8n for GitHub** | A workflow automation tool for GitHub with visual node-based interface | TypeScript, React, Node.js, Express, Socket.io, Supabase | [GitHub](https://github.com/sundaram2021/n8nforgithub) • [Live](https://n8nforgithub.vercel.app/) |
| **Smurf** | CLI application to simplify and automate commands for Terraform, Docker, Helm, and other DevOps tasks | Go, Docker, Terraform, Helm, Kubernetes | [GitHub](https://github.com/clouddrove/smurf) • [Live](https://smurf.clouddrove.com) |
| **AWS Cost Optimization Calculator** | Tool for calculating and optimizing AWS infrastructure costs | Node.js , Express.js | [Live](https://calculator.clouddrove.com) |
| **Distributed Cache** | Production-ready distributed cache with consistent hashing, multiple eviction policies, compression, and replication | Go, gRPC, Prometheus | [GitHub](https://github.com/sundaram2021/distributed-cache) |

## 💭 Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

---



### ⭐ Feel free to explore my repositories and don't forget to star if you find something interesting!
